Flask Chatbot
Flask Chatbot is an advanced web application built using Flask, SQLite, and OpenAI's ChatGPT-3 API. It provides a conversational chatbot interface where users can interact with an AI-powered bot to obtain information, ask questions, and engage in natural language conversations.

Features
User Registration and Authentication: Users can create accounts, log in, and log out securely. User credentials are stored in a SQLite database and password hashes are used for enhanced security.

Real-time Chat Interface: Users can chat with the AI-powered chatbot in a real-time interface. Messages are sent asynchronously and displayed in a visually appealing and interactive chat log.

Natural Language Processing: The chatbot leverages OpenAI's ChatGPT-3 API to process and generate natural language responses. It utilizes advanced language models to understand user queries and provide accurate and relevant information.

Persistent Chat History: The chat history is stored in the SQLite database, allowing users to view past conversations and resume chat sessions seamlessly.

Responsive Design: The web application is designed to be responsive and compatible with various devices, ensuring a seamless user experience across desktop and mobile platforms.

User-Friendly Interface: The user interface is designed with a modern and intuitive layout, featuring dynamic animations, colorful speech bubbles, and an interactive chat log.

Installation and Usage
1. Clone the repository:
git clone <repository_url>

2. Install the dependencies:
pip install -r requirements.txt

3. Set up the database:
python manage.py db upgrade

4. Set the environment variables:

Create a .env file based on the provided
.env.example file and update the necessary values.

5. Run the application:
python app.py

6. Access the application in your web browser:
http://localhost:5000

Contributions
Contributions to the Flask Chatbot project are welcome. If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvement, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.